Worker pool rollout v2 (#12829)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot-operations/worker_pool_manual_rotation.md

# Manual Worker Pool Rollout

> There may be cases when an end user might want to trigger a manual worker pool rollout. For example, the dual-stack migration requires to roll nodes.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the docs of dual-stack migration?

Generally, one line per sentence makes such docs easier to review

Reviewer 2: Please also add a link from `docs/usage/networking/dual-stack-networking-migration.md` to this.

> This can be accomplished by annotating the shoot with the `rollout-workers` annotation and specifying which worker pools you'd like to be rolled out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be accomplished by annotating the `Shoot` resource with the `rollout-workers` operation annotation and specifying which worker pools you'd like to be rolled out.
```

```bash
kubectl -n <shoot-namespace> annotate shoot <shoot-name> gardener.cloud/operation=rollout-workers=<pool1-name>[,<pool2-name>,...]
```

Alternatively, you can use `*` to roll out all worker pools:

```bash
kubectl -n <shoot-namespace> annotate shoot <shoot-name> gardener.cloud/operation=rollout-workers=*

> ```

Reviewer 2: Have you tried running this command? The shell might very well interpret `*` so that this command should be quoted.

Author: I have tried running it, yes. In bash, globbing will occur only if there is a file which is in a `gardener.cloud` directory and is prefixed with `operation=rollout-workers=`.

E.g. if you run 
`$ echo gardener.cloud/operation=rollout-workers=*`
`> gardener.cloud/operation=rollout-workers=*`

Unless you have a directory called `gardener.cloud` with a file named for example `operation=rollout-workers=foo`. In this case the same command will output
`> gardener.cloud/operation=rollout-workers=foo`

This might depend on the shell that this is run on. I'm not familiar with other globbing rules in other shells, so it's a good idea that this gets quoted just in case.

Reviewer 2: I tried it in `zsh` without any folder/file matching to the expression:

```
% echo gardener.cloud/operation=rollout-workers=*
zsh: no matches found: gardener.cloud/operation=rollout-workers=*
```

In `bash` it indeed worked, but I agree it is probably safer to add quotes to the documentation, e.g. the following worked in `zsh` and `bash`:

```
% echo "gardener.cloud/operation=rollout-workers=*"
gardener.cloud/operation=rollout-workers=*
```

Author: Ah, thank you for checking!

> This will cause a new status called `manualWorkerPoolRollout` to be set on the shoot. It will keep track of the worker pools that are currently being rolled out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will cause the status field `manualWorkerPoolRollout` to be set on the `Shoot`.
It will keep track of the worker pools that are currently being rolled out
```

> along with information about the last manual rollout that has been triggered.

Reviewer: Maybe also post an example YAML here to make it more tangible
